1.Cumcumber:

Cumcumber is a tool that is based on Behaviour Driven Development(BDD) methodology.

The main aim of BDD framework is to make various project roles such as Business Analysts,Quality Assurance,Developers etc,understand the application without diving deep into technical aspects.

2. what language is used by cucumber?

Gherkin is the language that is used by the cucumber tool.It is a simple English representation of the application behaviour.

Gherkin language uses several keywords to describe the behaviour of the application such as Feature,Scenario,Outline,Given,When,Then etc.

3. Feature File:
A feature file provide a high-level description of an application under Test(AUT).The first line of the feature file must start with the keyword 'Feature' following the description of the application under test.

A feature file extension '.feature'

4. What are the various keywords that are used in Cucumber for writing a scenario?

Given
When
Then
And

5.What programming language is used by cucumber?
java,.Net,Ruby etc. It can also be itegrated with multiple tools such as Selenium.

6.step definition File:

is used to segrate the feature file from the underlying code.
each step of the feature file can be mapped to a corresponding method on the step definition file.
While feature files are written in an easily understandable language such as Gherkin ,Step Definition files are written in programming languages such as java,.Net,Ruby etc.

7.Advantages of Cucumber Framework:

1.It is a open source tool
2.Plain text representation makes it easier for non-technical users to undetstand the scenarios.
3.It bridge the communication gap between various project stakeholders such as Business Analysts,Developers and Quality Assurance personnel
4.Automation test cases developed using the Cucumber tool are easier to maintain and understand as well
5.Easy to itegrate with other tools such as selenium.

8.Scenario Outline:

Senario outline is a way of parameterization of senarios.
This is ideally used when the scenario needs to be executed for multiple sets of data,However,the test steps remain the same.
Scenario Outline must be followed bt THe keyword 'Examples',which specify the set of values for each parameter.

EX: Senario Outline:Upload a file

Given that the user is on upload file screen.
When a user clicks on the Browser button.
And user enters<filename> onto the upload textboxes.
And user clicks on the enter button.
Then verify that file upload is successful.


9.BDD methodology:

BDD is a methodology t understand the functioanlity of an application in simple plain text represenation.
The main aim of BDD framework is to make various project roles such as Business Analysts,Quality Assurance,Developers,Support team understand the application without diving deep into the technical aspects.

10.What is the limit for the maximum no of senarios that can be included in feature file?

A feature file can contain a maximum 10 scenarios,but the number can vary from project to project and from one organization to another.

11.Uses of Backgroud keyword in Cucumber?

is used to group multiple given statements into a single group.
This is generally used when the same set of given statements are repeated in each scenario of the feature file.

12. what is the symbol of parameterization in Cumcumber?

Pipe symbol(|) is used to specify one or more parameter values in feature file.

13.what is the purpose of Cumcumber Options tag?

It is used to provide a link between the feature file and step definitions files.Ecah step of the feature file is mapped to a corresponding method on the step definition file.

Syntax:
@CucumberOptions(feature="Features",glue={"StepDefinition"})

14.when is Cumcumber used in real time?

Cucumber tool is generally used in real time to write acceptance tests for an application.It is generally used by non-technicalpeople such as Bussiness Analysts,Functional Tester etc.

15.what is the name of the plugin that is used to integrated Eclipse with Cucumber?
Cucumber Natural Plugin

16.Test Runner Class:
It is used to provide the link between feature file and step definition file.
A TestRunner class is generally an empty class with no class definition.

17.Should any code be written within TestRunner class?
It should include the tags @RunWith and @CucumberOptions


18.What is the use of feature property under Cucumber Options tag?
Features property is used to let Cucumber framework identify the loaction of the features files.

19.what is the use of glue property under Cucumber Options tag?
Glue property is used to let Cucumber framework identify the loaction of step definitions files.