Git interview question:


1.Git

Git is a free and open source distributed control system which enables you to store ,track revison history,merge code changes and revert to earlier code version when needed.

2.Version control system:

it is a collection of software tools that help a team to work together on the same project and allow them to manage changes to a file or set of data over time.

It maintains all the edits and historic versions of the project.

3.Why Git is a distributed version control system?

Git is a remote repository which is stored in a server and local repository which stored in computer ,code is present in every developers computer thats why it is called as distributed version control system.

4. Difference between Git and Github

Git:
1.it is siftware
2.It is installed locally on system
3.It is a high quality version control system
4.it is distributed version control system for tracking changes in source code during software development

5.It is focused on verrsion control and code sharing

Github:
1.It is a service
2.It is hosted in the web
3.it is cloud based hosting service
4.it provides hosting for software development and version control using Git

5.it focused on centralized source code hosting


5.Mention the various Git repository hosting services
Github
Gitlab
Bitbucket
SourceForge
GitEnterprise
LaunchPad
Perforce
Beanstalk
Assembla

6.Git repository

Git repository is a place where all ther git files are stored
These files can either be stored on the local repository or on the remote repository
It allows us to to save versions of our code which we can access whenever needed

7.Howe can u initialize a repository in git?

Using git init command

8.What are the states of a file in Git?

Three different states:
1.Modified
2.Staged
3.Committed

9. What is staging area in Git?

Staging area is the intermediate area between working directory and repostory.
it helps to format and review commits 

10. name a few Git commands with usages:

git init: to initialize empty git repository

git config: to configure a username and email address

git add: to add one or more files to the staging area

git diff: to view the changes made to a file

git commit: to commit changes to head but not to the remote repositoiry

git log : list the version history for the current branch

git checkout[branch name] : used to switch one branch to another


11.what is advantages of using git?

1.distributed manner of developmentr and easy team collaboration
2.Widespread acceptanced
3.Maintains the itegrity of source code
4.branch capabilities
5.faster releases cycles


12.which command is used for writing  a "commit" message in Git?

git commit -m "commit message"


13.What does git pull origin master do?

It fetches all the changes from the master branch onto the origin and integrates them into the local branch

git pull = git fetch + git merge origin/master.



14. git  push command :
 it is used to push a command between local repository to remote repository.once developer change local repository then developer push command to remote team members for knowing this.


15.what is the difference between git pull and git fetch?

git pull = git fetch +git merge




command 
get fetch origin 
get fetch -all

command -
git pull origin master


16.Git clone:
git clone allows u to create a local copy of the remote GitHub repository

17.Git stash:
Git stash represents the presest state of the working directory and index it and keeps it on the stack at a later stage

It return a clean working directory.

18.git reset--mixed : is used to undo changes made in the working directory and staging area.

git merge --abort: is used to stop the merge process and return back to the state before the merging begin.

19.How to u find a list of files that has been changed in a particular commit?

git diff-tree -r{commit hash}

20.what is the functionality og git clean command?

The git clean command removes the untracked files from the working directory.

21. what is the difference between fork,branch,clone ?

A fork is a copy of repository that you manage.Fork let you make changes to a project without affecting the original repository.

Git cloning meams pointing to an existing repository and make a copy of that repository in a new directory at some other location.

In Git, a branch is a new/separate version of the main repository.


22.How to you resolve conflicts in Git?

1.Identify the files responsible for the conflicts.
2.Implemente the desired changes to the files
3.Add the files using the git add command
4.The last step is to commit the changes in the file with the help of the git commit command

23.What is the command used to fix a broken commit?

git commit --amend
git commit --amend -m "Revised commit message"

24.How you reveret a commit command that has already been pushed and made public?

git revert<commit id>
git commit -m"commit message"


